Update "What is OpenCensus" (#689)
census-instrumentation/opencensus-website: content/_index.md

##### What is OpenCensus?

> {{<title>}} allows you to collect application **metrics** and **distributed traces**, then transfer the data to a backend of your choice in real time. This data can be analyzed by developers and admins to understand the health of the application and debug problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<title>}} is a set of libraries for various languages that allow you to collect application **metrics** and **distributed traces**, then transfer the data to a backend of your choice in real time. This data can be analyzed by developers and admins to understand the health of the application and debug problems.
```
